# Library Carpentry Curriculum Advisory Committee 
### Meeting minutes: Thu 5 May 2022 UTC 3:00pm
Attending: Annajiat Alim Rasel, Cody Hennesy (Secretary), Phil Reed, Tim Dennis (Chair), Mark Laufersweiler, Guests: Mike Trizna (Smithsonian), Daniel van Strien (British Library), Patrick Smyth.


### Agenda

#### Intro to AI for GLAM lesson
Discussed the [Intro to AI for GLAM lesson](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/machine-learning-librarians-archivists/) with the maintainers. LC-CAC hopes to review the lesson for possible migration from Incubator to LC curriculum. 

*Action items*:

* Other LC instructors should teach the lesson - Tim and Cody were interested, and Tim suggested UCLA could be a good audience.
* Maintainers will follow up on [checklist](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/lesson_development/lesson_release.html) and resolve [issues](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/machine-learning-librarians-archivists/issues), with a note that the checklist items have already been added as issues to the repo. 
* Maintainers should add [instructor notes](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/machine-learning-librarians-archivists/guide/index.html) to the lesson. 
* Maintainers should integrate images/slide content into the public curriculum—being mindful of accessibility—such that future instructors can create their own slides to support teaching.
* CAC will talk to Toby about possibility of reviewing the lesson as part of Carpentries Lab.


#### Status: refer to CAC issues
Discussed the ["refer to CAC" GitHub tag](https://github.com/search?q=user%3ALibraryCarpentry+label%3A%22status%3Arefer+to+cac%22&type=Issues&ref=advsearch&l=&l=). 

*Action items:*

* Tim will resolve outstanding issue with label.
* Cody will confirm the label is available in all LC lessons.

#### LC lessons: Issue and PR status
Discussed ideas for helping to close and move forward [open PRs](https://github.com/pulls?user=LibraryCarpentry)
and [open issues](https://github.com/issues?user=LibraryCarpentry).

*Action items:*

* Cody and Phil will identify key LC lessons (those active and frequently taught). LC-CAC will then reach out to maintainers of those lessons to arrange for Sprints or Bug BBQs to help resolve outstanding issues/PRs.


#### Live-coding requirements in LC instructor training
Discussed the [participatory live demos vs participatory live coding thread](https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training/issues/1363), where LC-CAC members were invited to add their thoughts. 



