# Library Carpentry Curriculum Advisory Committee 
### Meeting minutes: 2024-03-14 UTC 15:00

Attending: Tim Dennis (chair), Cody Hennesy, Phil Reed, Annajiat Alim Rasel, Zhiyuan Yao (guest), Daria Orlowska (guest), Marla Hertz (guest), Lena Bonham (guest)

## Agenda

#### Announcements
Congratulations and thanks to Phil Reed on his last meeting with LC-CAC after many years of LC advisory and curriculum work!

#### DMP 101

LC-CAC discussed the new pre-alpha [DMP 101 lesson](http://ucla-imls-open-sci.info/dmp101/), which was created as part of the Open Science for Librarians lesson program (UCLA/IMLS), with the authors. We discussed future maintenance of the lesson and Marla and Lena are both interested in continuing as maintainers. 

*Action items*:  

- Cody will add an issue to the lesson as a reminder to add international framework policy examples (e.g., GDPR for EU, POPI Act in S Africa) to the lesson and/or instructor notes. Lesson currently leans heavily on US data policy. 
- Tim will arrange to teach this as a pilot at UCLA (without authors) in late Spring and provide lesson feedback.
- Once the lesson has been taught and feedback incorporated, Tim will move it to the LC org in GitHub and change LC website to list it as extended curriculum.
- Once the lesson is published with LC, outreach will be planned both for Carpentries communities and broader open science/data librarian channels. 

#### LC-CAC Recruitment
Members continuing on LC-CAC will be Tim Dennis (Chair), Cody Hennesy (Secretary), Annajiat Alim Rasel, and Mary Filsell. The group will attempt to recruit two to five new members.

*Action items*: First, Cody will invite members from the LC Governance group to join. Next, if space is still available, LC-CAC will reach out to active contributors/maintainers of LC lessons and, finally, an open call will be distributed.

#### Quick updates

- Tim has repo access to change the LC website as needed.
- The updated LC Python lesson will be piloted by Tim and Cody on April 12 at UCLA, and the end of May at IASSIST.
- Tim, Cody, and Zhiyuan Yao will give a short talk at IASSIST on open data literacy education and LC-CAC's lesson adoption process.
- Toby put LC-CAC in touch with a Master's student in the US who might help review LC lessons via the Carpentries Lab process.
- AI for Glam code sprint was a big success. Tim submitted [a PR](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentries.org/pull/1789#discussion_r1528287901) for a blog post reporting on the event.
- Cody will follow up with Tim and Mary to discuss core curriculum re-structuring work.


#### Items for future meetings

- Meetings with other Open Science lesson authors.
- LC pathways/menus

